It’s that boy again: don’t answer the phone. 
How’s business, 
Who the ~ 
12pm. 
But I can’t call him…. we haven’t been talking and....
GO FUCK YOURSELF, ASSHOLE!
After all, its mostly symbolic. 
The coffin that is buried underneath the dirt is crushed anyways. 
Something about the weight of the earth. 
Imagine, people coming back to gravesites to pay respects to a crushed, decayed skeleton. 
Sad.
Stop being hypocritical.
Papa, I brought you food.
*she sniffles*
Your favorite. Here, I’ll feed you, you’re too old to feed yourself.
You’ll eat well today, Dad.
Sorry I don’t come here often.
Look, tomatoes and greens!
Some onions too!
I’m eating heathy Dad.
Mom would be proud, I’m getting thinner
Dad, I’m seeing this boy now... but I’m scared.
I just…
…I don’t know yet. 
Jin … he asked my hand in marriage, but I’m old, almost 30.
He’s young too, almost 25. But he loves me…
…but I just…
…I don’t know if I want to have kids, and I know that he wants them.
Dad, what would you do if you were still here? 
What would you say?
Did you want to have me?
Sometimes I ask every day, thinking about what happened between you and mom that made me happen. 
She doesn’t like it when I visit you, you know. 
She’s old now, but she still gets sad when she thinks of you 
about how you left when you were still young, how you left us all alone.
I don’t even know if you’re buried here, I don't remember...
…I don't remember your face anymore.
There are pictures, and stories they told me when I was a kid, but I still feel uncomfortable calling you my father.
I wasn't there when you died, and all I've had for all these years is this headstone on top of your grave.
I'm talking to it right now instead of you and I feel stupid.
I say this every-time I come; you know this.
But this boy, Jin, what if he’s like you?
What if he runs out on me? 
What if later, I’m unhappy with him?
I don’t know if I trust him enough to dedicate my life to him it’s just so… 
…so much to bear.
I wish that I had something of a regular family, I want that for child, if I ever decide to have kids but it’s so hard to know...
I just don’t know...
He hasn’t called or texted since the morning. Should I check now? 
I wonder how he feels.