Today, Miki wants to dance in the rain.
But the clouds today are plump, a gorgeous white that she is afraid to touch with bare hands.
There are birds perched outside her window, chirping.
She hears them, and covers her face with a blanket, sheltering her ears from song.
Today, Miki doesn’t want to put on perfume. 
She slides out of bed and goes to the washroom. 
She brushes her teeth and washes her face, but before she leaves, she takes a moment to look at herself.
She has brown eyes, like the color of coffee, and freckles that dot her cheeks.
She has long, dark brown hair – which most people mistaken for black.
Her eyebrows are tinted downwards a little, and her eyes squint as she scrutinizes her face.
She meets her eyes, then moves down to her nose, her mouth, then to her chin.
She picks up her razor and moves the blade across her face. She shaves off small strands of hair, all in an effort to look clean.
Done with washing up, she moves to her closet.
Today she wears a black dress, with a white cardigan over; just like last year.
She nods to herself as she inspects her outfit in the mirror.
Then, her face must be done.
She moves to her desk.
Already set is her mirror, and the items she will use to blemish her face.
She pushes her hair back – braiding it with the bracelet on her wrist.
First comes sunscreen, which she rubs on.
Then, a dash of primer, foundation, a touch of powder, eyeshadow, a curler for her eyelashes, mascara, eyeliner, a brow pencil, bronzer, blush, highlighter, and setting spray.
For good measure she applies a light pink lipstick, nothing too extravagant for the day.
She stares at herself for a moment, making sure she is up to standard. 
She is ready for the day.
The phone rings, calling her attention.
She stares at the screen, contemplating whether or not she should.
It’s been about a week since they last talked about their future.
Then, she ran away to the comfort of her bed, upset.
He stormed off to god knows where. She loves him, still does.
She squeezes her thin cardigan, close to her heart.
It still hurts her that he’s gone.
So close, yet so far.
A phone call away, but emotionally ~
Not yet.
She won’t allow herself to be distracted by him.
Today is a special day.
Today she prepares lunch, a spring salad with cherry tomatoes, avocados, onions, watercress, arugula, and lettuce.
For him, she makes him kalbi (korean style prepared beef), with a side of lettuce and doenjang (soybean paste).
She packs it in two boxes, one for her, one for him in her tote along with a pair of chopsticks.
She walks to the florist down the street, who greets her with a smile.
“Hello!”, he says.
she says.
“Not bad”, he replies, “could be better”.
Light, casual conversation progresses, and she soon walks out with her flowers - a bouquet of chrysanthemums and daisies.
They are his favorite flowers, the ones she brings to him every year.
The sun is out, and the sky is blue today.
A warm breeze caresses her cheek, and her eyes close as she breathes in the scent of fall.
The walk to the train is short, a few blocks from the florist.
She sees the bar they frequented, on late nights.
She feels a soft touch on her hand and her heart skips a beat ~
She glances around, but nobody is near her.
Just her imagination.
She checks her phone.
She always has lunch with him at 1pm.
She crosses the street, and walks down the station steps, swipes her metro card, and walks to line number 2.
She checks her phone again. No new notifications.
She's still thinking about him. worried about what he’d said...
She doesnt want to think about it.
She puts in her headphones and zones out.
The train comes, she boards, she waits along the line of other inhabitants of the vessel, looking at the window. The subway tunnel is black, but she can still see her reflection.
What is it he sees in her, she wonders? My face is just like any other face. My eyes are small, like other Asians. I hide my face with a thin layer of makeup because I think its long, and my eyebrows are too thick for a girl ~
She arrives at the cemetery and she has to get off.
She takes a deep breath as she walks out of the station.
Today, is the day.
The walk is short, as it usually is.
The sight of trees greets her as soon as she steps out of the station.
That is where she knows that she is in the right place.
The trees are turning a ripe orange, setting the scene for fall.
She wants to reach out and grab one, but she’s too short.
She tries anyways, and looks the fool she is, jumping in her dress.
She hears laughter in the distance.
Some guy. 
Irrelevant.
Fuck him.
She reaches the gate to the cemetery and walks in.
She is greeted by rows and rows of names, headstone columns that have been erected in patronage.
Tears are running down her face.
She walks as she wipes her face.
It’s okay if a little mascara blends with her skin.
Nobody will see her tears.
Only her father.
She arrives at his grave and sits down.
She takes out the food that she had packed, the air spreading the decadent smells across the cemetary.
She wraps the rice in lettuce, patting it in.
Then, a blanket of kalbi comes next. 
And then the doenjang.
She does this, until there is no more to put.
She lays the packages of rice, lettuce, kalbi, and doenjang side by side on the ground.
They blend with the green grass. It looks nice and appetizing, good for the birds to eat and spread later.
She opens her lunch, the salad she made earlier.
She shoves a forkful into her mouth.
Another forkful enters her mouth.
And another.
She continues until she is finished.
Satisfied, she lays down, next to the headstone.
She stares at the sky, looking at the shapeshifting clouds.
She wraps her cardigan closer to her chest.
She cradles her legs, letting her lips kiss her knees.
Her tears slide down her face, running down her face into the shallow earth.
It starts with a stream. Then, a river flows forth.
Her cry engulfs the cemetery. It echoes off of impassive headstones and close-eared statues.
The cemetery whispers grief into passing ears.
As her sobs start to ebb, she reclaims her composure, wrapping her hands around her legs, letting her head kiss her knees.
Her hair shimmers a dark hazel in the sun.
The wind blows her hair back, and her neck is warm.
She takes a deep breath.
She Exhales.
The tears are gone, and she is calm.
She turns her head, to look at the headstone.
There are birds now, where she had once placed her offerings.
They are eating the food she had made for her father.
And soon they will go off, to do whatever it is birds do.
She gets up, dusts off her clothes, stands in front of the headstone and bows.
Once.
Twice.
Three times, as per the custom.
She grabs her tote bag, puts in her headphones and she walks back, back to the train, back to home; back to comfort, belonging, and safety.
For the rest of the day, she will do nothing.
She will read a book, or write, or watch a movie.
She is exhausted.
She tosses in bed that night. It is hard to sleep.
Her phone buzzes through-out the night, but she refrains from looking.
Her eyes are welling.